# FMC - REST - API - 105

## Lab Objective

Basic understanding of debugging the FMC REST API errors

Completion time: 10 minutes

## Prerequisites
Basic understanding of REST principles


## Learning Objective
After Completing this module you will be able to:
Get basic understanding of debugging FMC REST APIs.

## Problem: HTTP 404 for a request
Most likely the resource URL used in the REST Client had an error. Use browser to access the FMC API explorer, and verify that the relative url used in your REST client script matches the one in the FMC API explorer. If it doesn’t, fix the url in the REST client script.
if you are using devnet sandbox  https://fmcrestapisandbox.cisco.com/api/api-explorer/
or incase it's your own setup
https://hostnameorIPaddressofyourFMC/api/api-explorer
If you still get a 404, you have to login to the FMC GUI and verify that the resource corresponding to the id in the url exists on the FMC.

For your own setup:
https://hostnameorIPaddressofyourFMC

incase if you are using devnet sandbox https://fmcrestapisandbox.cisco.com
## Problem: API access token fails
Generally this problem is due to incorrect user credentials.

Try to login to the UI with the same user credentials used to generate token. If you can’t, then request your administrator to create a valid user for you to use. If you
are using devnet sandbox make sure your reservation is not expired. If yes, request new reservation.

## Problem: I deregistered a device, and received a 200 OK. However, when I queried the list of devices, it is still there.
This is generally update issue. Wait a few seconds, and query the list of devices again. Even though device de-registration returns a response right away. The actual de-registration takes a few seconds.

## Problem: Received HTTP 422
This problem may be result of malformed JSON payload. Review the request including the header and JSON body.
