## Problem: REST operation fails with HTTP 403
This problem may be due to many access and privileges-related reasons.

Login into the FMC UI via your own setup (example: https://hostnameorIPaddressofyourFMC) if you are using the [DevNet Sandbox](https://fmcrestapisandbox.cisco.com).

Make sure you use the same user credentials for logging in as you use to request an authentication token for the API. Attempt the same operation using UI. If it fails, then you need to request your admin to change access privileges of the user.

Make sure the URL in the request has the right **domain** in which the *user* is authorized.

**Note:** DevNet Sandbox may have restrictions on privileges.


## Problem: A REST operation fails with http 401
Most likely the authentication token you are using for the API has expired. You have to refresh the token. Please read more about refreshing tokens in the [Learning Lab FMC REST API 102](https://developer.cisco.com/learning/lab/firepower-restapi-102/step/1).


## Problem: While deploying the policy changes to a device, the deployment fails with an exception

**Note:** *deployment features are not available in [DevNet Sandbox](https://fmcrestapisandbox.cisco.com/api/api-explorer)*.

* Make sure that there are no errors in the policy associated with the device (verify with FMC UI).
* If the `ignoreWarining` field in deployment request body is set to “false”, make sure there are no warnings in the policy associated with the device (verify with FMC UI).
* If the `forceDeploy` is false, then verify if the device requires a deployment. This can be done either through UI or by making a GET REST call on `/deployment/deployabledevices`. If the device is present in the response body of the GET call, then the device requires deployment.
* Make sure the version in deployment request matches the version for the device in the response body of GET REST call on `/deployment/ deployabledevices`. If gives an exception, then set the time to current time in milliseconds.
