## Cisco eStreamer eNcore for Splunk Technical Add-on (TA)

eNcore is a new all-purpose client which requests all possible events from eStreamer, parses the binary content and outputs events in various formats to support SIEMs. eNcore supports Common Information Model (CIM) for broad support with Splunk.

For in-depth instructions for installing eNcore refer to the [eStreamer eNcore Operations Guide](https://supportforums.cisco.com/legacyfs/online/attachments/document/cisco_estreamer_end_user_license_agreement.pdf).

The [Cisco eStreamer eNcore Add-on for Splunk](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/3662/) is available on splunkbase.  DevNet sandboxes already have the Add-on installed.

## Setup Instructions

1.  The eNcore client will need the client certificate obtained above to connect to the FMC.  SCP the client certificate to the Splunk server for use by the eNcore client (DevNet sandboxes already have the client certificate copied to the correct location)

        `$ scp <PATH_TO_CERT>/client.pkcs12 \<SPLUNK_SERVER\>:/opt/splunk/etc/apps/TA-eStreamer/bin/encore/client.pkcs12`


## Enable the Data Inputs

The eNcore client creates log files that can be parsed by Splunk.  The Add-on creates the necessary Data Inputs to allow the logs to be parsed.  The Data Inputs must be enabled before setting up the Add-on.  To enable the Data Inputs:

1.  Log in to the Splunk server.

    1.  If you are using a DevNet sandbox navigate to [https://10.10.20.25](https://10.10.20.25) and login with the provided credentials.

2.  Navigate to **‘Settings \> Data Inputs’**

3.  Click **‘Files & directories’**

4.  Locate **$SPLUNK_HOME/etc/apps/TA-eStreamer/data** and **Enable** it

5.  Navigate to **‘Settings \> Data Inputs’**

6.  Click **'Scripts'**
 
7.  Locate the following Commands and **Enable** them
 
    1.  /opt/splunk/etc/apps/TA-eStreamer/bin/splencore.sh clean

    2.  /opt/splunk/etc/apps/TA-eStreamer/bin/splencore.sh start

    3.  /opt/splunk/etc/apps/TA-eStreamer/bin/splencore.sh status

## Setup Cisco eStreamer eNcore for Splunk

1.  Click on the **gear icon next to Apps** in the upper right hand corner of the UI. This will navigate you to the Apps page.

2.  Locate the app named **Cisco eStreamer eNcore for Splunk** and click on the **Set up** link

3.  In the **Control** section, click on the **Is enabled?** checkbox.

4.  In the **Connection** section, enter in the IP/Hostname of your FMC.  For DevNet sandboxes enter: **10.10.20.40**. 

5.  In the **Authentication** section, click on the checkbox next to **Process PKCS12 file?**

6.  Click **Save**

7.  You should see a success message at the top of the page stating, **"Successfully updated "TA-eStreamer".**

8.  The eNcore Add-on is now configured and running.

