# Adding FMC on the device or sensor

Follow this procedure to add FMC to a firewall device or sensor. This device can be any FTD or Firepower physical or virtual appliance.

1. Using a terminal or command line tool, log in with ssh to the device that you want register with FMC. You must log in with a username that has Administrator access level.

2. At the prompt, register the device to a FMC using the `configure manager add` command:

```shell
$ configure manager add <hostname | IPv4_address | IPv6_address | DONTRESOLVE> reg_key <nat_id>
```

## Command parameters

The `configure manager add` command has the following parameters:

* `<hostname | IPv4_address | IPv6_address | DONTRESOLVE>`: The fully qualified host name or IP address of the FMC. If the FMC is not directly addressable or is separated from the device by a NAT device, use `DONTRESOLVE`.
* `reg_key`: A unique alphanumeric registration key required to register a device to the FMC. This key is defined by the user with this command, and is not the same as a license key. Be sure to record the key that you create, because you will need it to register the device.
* `nat_id`: An alphanumeric string used during the registration process between the FMC and the device. It is required if the hostname is set to DONTRESOLVE. Otherwise, it is optional.

## Usage examples

In most cases, the `configure manager add` command uses the FMC's hostname or the IP address. You define the registration key.

```shell
$ configure manager add 192.0.2.10 1234regkey
```

However, if the device and the FMC are separated by a NAT device, enter a unique NAT ID along with the registration key, and specify DONTRESOLVE instead of the hostname or IP address.

```shell
$ configure manager add DONTRESOLVE 1234regkey 1234natid
```

## Registering the device

After you have added FMC to the device, you can now register the device with the FMC using the UI or the REST API.
