# FMC - REST - API - 106

## Objectives

Basic understanding of FMC object(s) and CRUD operations using REST API.  You will learn how to do operations (GET, POST) using Firepower management center (FMC) objects to configure NGFW and other Firepower devices.


## Prerequisites
Basic understanding of REST principles, Firewalls, and FMC REST API.

## Firepower Management Center (FMC) objects

The Firepower system uses named objects, which are reusable configurations that associate a name with a value. When you want to use that value, use the named object instead.

The system supports object use in various places in the web interface, including many policies and rules, event searches, reports, dashboards, and so on. The system provides many predefined objects that represent frequently used configurations.

### Objects in context of FMC multitenancy

In a multi-domain Firepower deployment, you can create objects in *Global* and descendant domains with the exception
of *Security Group Tag (SGT)* objects, which you can create only in the *Global* domain. The system displays
objects created in the current domain, which you can edit. It also displays objects created in ancestor domains,
which you cannot edit, with the exception of security zones and interface groups.

**Note:** <mark> *Because security zones and interface groups are tied to device interfaces, which you configure at the leaf
level, administrators in descendant domains can view and edit zones and groups created in ancestor
domains.Subdomain users can add and delete interfaces from ancestor zones and groups, but cannot delete
or rename the zones/groups.* </mark>

Object names must be unique within the domain hierarchy. The system may identify a conflict with the name
of an object you cannot view in your current domain. For objects that support grouping, you can group objects in the current domain with objects inherited from ancestor domains.

Object overrides allow you to define device-specific or domain-specific values for certain types of object,
including network, port, VLAN tag, and URL.

In a multi-domain deployment, you can define a default value for an object in an ancestor domain, but allow administrators in descendant domains to add override values for that object.

### Object groups
Grouping objects allows you to reference multiple objects with a single configuration. The system allows you to use objects and object groups interchangeably in the web interface. For example, anywhere you would use a port object, you can also use a port object group.

You can group network, port, VLAN tag, URL, and PKI objects. Network object groups can be nested, that
is, you can add a network object group to another network object group up to 10 levels. Objects and object groups of the same type cannot have the same name. In a multidomain deployment, the names of object groups must be unique within the domain hierarchy

### Object overrides
An object override allows you to define an alternate value for an object, which the system uses for the devices
you specify.

You can create an object whose definition works for most devices, and then use overrides to specify
modifications to the object for the few devices that need different definitions. You can also create an object
that needs to be overridden for all devices, but its use allows you to create a single policy for all devices.
Object overrides allow you to create a smaller set of shared policies for use across devices without giving up
the ability to alter policies when needed for individual devices.

***For example:*** <mark> you might want to deny ICMP traffic to the different departments in your company, each of
which is connected to a different network. You can do this by defining an access control policy with a rule
that includes a network object called Departmental Network. By allowing overrides for this object, you can
then create overrides on each relevant device that specifies the actual network where that device is connected. </mark>

You can use object overrides with the following object types only:
* Network
* Port
* VLAN tag
* URL
* SLA Monitor
* Prefix List
* Route Map
* Access List
* AS Path
* Community List
* Policy List

### What are the Object types supported in the Firepower systems (and ready API support)?

|Object Type | Groupable? | Allows Overrides |Supported via REST API?|
|------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|:------------------:|----------------:|
|Network| yes| yes|yes|
|Port |yes |yes|yes|
|Interface: Security Zone, Interface Group |no| no|yes|
|Tunnel Zone| no| no| no|
|Application Filter| no| no|yes|
|VLAN Tag |yes| yes|yes|
|Security Group Tag (SGT)| no| no| no|
|Geolocation |no| no|yes|
|URL |yes| yes| yes|
|Variable Set |no| no|yes|
|Security Intelligence: Network, DNS, and URL lists and feeds|no|no|yes|
|Sinkhole| no| no|no|
|Cipher Suite List| no| no|no|
|File List |no| no|yes|
|Distinguished Name| yes| no| no|
|SLA Monitor| no |no|no|
|Prefix List: IPv4 and IPv6 |no| yes|no|
|Route Map |no| yes| no|
|Access List: Standard and Extended| no| yes| no|
|Community List| no| yes| no |
|AS Path | no| yes| no |
|Policy List | no | yes|no|
|FlexConfig: Text and FlexConfig objects| no| yes|no|
