# FMC - REST - API - 104

## Lab Objective

Basic understanding of FMC REST API REQUEST AND RESPONSE structures and error codes.

Completion time: 15 minutes

## Prerequisites
Basic understanding of REST principles


## Learning Objective
After Completing this module you will be able to:
Get basic understanding of FMC REST APIs request and response structures and response error codes.

## Request structure
Requests are sent to the Firepower Management Center as HTTPS requests with the
Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) of the form described below:

`https://<management_center_IP_or_name>:<https_port>/<object_URL>/object_UUID*options*`

Where:

-   `<management_center_IP_or_name>`

      is the IP address or Fully Qualified Domain Name of the Firepower Management
      Center

-   `<https_port>`

      is the port number used by the Firepower Management Center for HTTPS
      connections. This port is always 443.

-   `<object_URL>`

      is the specific URL for the desired resource. These URLs are unique for each
      resource and are given below.

-   '`*options*`

      are the options given with the request. Options can be used to modify the output
      and filter results.

-   `*{UUID}*`

      Many URLs contain one or more UUIDs which must be specified. Most URLs include
      the domain UUID, which can be found in the API Explorer. When deleting or
      modifying an object, or requesting information about a specific object, the URL
      will end with the object UUID.

### Available request methods are:

-   **GET**

    – Retrieves data from the specified object. GET is a read-only operation.

-   **PUT**

    – Adds the supplied information to the specified object; returns a 404 Resource
      Not Found error if the object does not exist.

-  **POST**

    – Creates the object with the supplied information.

-  **DELETE**

    – Deletes the specified object.

-  **PATCH**

    – *Not supported.*

The API supports query parameters for almost all requests. For GET requests, the
following query parameters can be used to control the number of of returned
objects and the pagination:

-   expanded

    \- This is a True/False value which indicates whether you get a full listing of
      an item in a list or only a reference.

-   offset

    \- Indicates the position in the list where you want to start.

-   limit

    \- Indicates the number of items you want to retrieve in a page.

The API supports filtering on the basis of query parameters passed with a
request. Filtering can be done based on specific attributes in a model. The
parameters available for filtering vary by object, and are listed with the
request below.
