# Response structure
The response structure can be:

-   `LOCATION` – Newly created resource ID; for POST only—holds the new resource
    ID (as a URI representation).

-   `CONTENT-TYPE` – Media type describing the response message body; describes
    the representation and syntax of the response message body.

-   Each response includes an HTTP status or error code. Available codes fall
    into these categories:

-   20x - A two-hundred series code indicates successful operation, including:

    -   **200 OK**

        – Standard response for successful requests.

    -   **201 Created**

        – Request completed; new resource created.

    -   **202 Accepted**

        – Request accepted, but processing not complete.

    -   **204 No Content**

        – Server successfully processed request; no content is being returned.

-   4xx - A four-hundred series code indicates a client-side error, including:

  -   **400 Bad Request**

        – Invalid query parameters, including unrecognized parameters,
          missing parameters, or invalid values.

  -   **404 Not Found**

        – The provided URL does not match an existing resource.
          For example, an HTTP DELETE may fail because the resource is unavailable.

  -   **405 Method not Allowed**

        – An HTTP request was presented that is not allowed on the resource;
          for example, a POST on a read-only resource.

  -   **429 Too Many Requests**

        – Too many requests were sent to the API.
          This error will occur if you send more than 120 requests per minute.

  -   **5xx**

      - A five-hundred series code indicates a server-side error.

In the case of an error, in addition to the error code, the return response may
include an error object containing more details about the error. The JSON
error/warning response schema is as follows:
```JSON
[

{ “code” : “string”,

“details”: “string”,

“context”: attribute name,

“level” : \<Error/Warning/Info\>

},

...

]
```
### where the object properties are:

| **Property** | **Type** |**Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| messages | List of Dictionaries | List of error or warning messages |
| code     | String | Error/Warning/Info code |
| details  | String | Detailed message corresponding to Error/Warning/Info |


### Rate Limiting

The Firepower REST API implements rate limiting to reduce network load.

The API will accept no more than 120 messages in a minute. It will only allow 10
simultaneous connections per IP address. These are not configurable parameters.

If a client exceeds these limits, the API will give an HTTP 429 error.
