# FMC REST API 107

## Objectives

This lab teaches a basic understanding of FMC access control policies and CRUD operations using REST API. You will learn how to do operations (GET, POST) on Firepower management center (FMC) access control policy to configure NGFW and other Firepower devices.

## Prerequisites
 It's best if you have a basic understanding of REST principles, Firewalls, FMC REST API.

## Firepower Management Center (FMC) policy
Access control is a hierarchical policy-based feature that allows you to specify, inspect, and log (non-fast-pathed) network traffic. Especially useful in multidomain deployments, you can nest access control policies, where each policy inherits the rules and settings from an ancestor (or base) policy. You can enforce this inheritance, or allow lower-level policies to override their ancestors. Each managed device can be targeted by one access control policy.

The data that the policy’s target devices collect about your network traffic can be used to filter and control that traffic based on:

* Simple, easily determined transport and network layer characteristics: source and destination, port, protocol, and so on.
* The latest contextual information on the traffic, including characteristics such as reputation, risk, business relevance, application used, or URL visited.
* Realm, user, user group, or ISE attribute.
* Custom Security Group Tag (SGT).
* Characteristics of encrypted traffic; you can also decrypt this traffic for further analysis.
* Whether unencrypted or decrypted traffic contains a prohibited file, detected malware, or intrusion attempt, each type of traffic inspection and control occurs where it makes the most sense for maximum flexibility and performance. For example, reputation-based blacklisting uses simple source and destination data, so it can block prohibited traffic early in the process. In contrast, detecting and blocking intrusions and exploits is a last-line defense.

Although you can configure the system without licensing your deployment, many features require that you enable the appropriate licenses before you deploy. Also, some features are only available on certain device models. Warning icons and confirmation dialog boxes designate unsupported features.


### Access control policy components

##### **Name and description**
Each access control policy must have a unique name. A description is optional.
##### **Inheritance settings**
Policy inheritance allows you to create a hierarchy of access control policies. A parent (or base) policy defines and enforces default settings for its descendants, which is especially useful in multidomain deployments. A policy's inheritance settings allow you to select its base policy. You can also lock settings in the current policy to force any descendants to inherit them. Descendant policies can override unlocked settings.

##### **Policy assignment**
Each access control policy identifies the devices that use it. Each device can be targeted by only one access control policy. In a multidomain deployment, you can require that all the devices in a domain use the same base policy.

##### **Rules**
Access control rules provide a granular method of handling network traffic. Rules in an access control policy are numbered, starting at 1, including rules inherited from ancestor policies. The system matches traffic to access control rules in top-down order by ascending rule number. Usually, the system handles network traffic according to the first access control rule, where all the rule’s
conditions match the traffic. Conditions can be simple or complex, and their use often depends on certain licenses.

##### **Default action**
The default action determines how the system handles and logs traffic that is not handled by any other access control configuration. The default action can block or trust all traffic without further inspection, or inspect traffic for intrusions and discovery data.
Although an access control policy can inherit its default action from an ancestor policy, you cannot enforce this inheritance.

##### **Security intelligence**
Security Intelligence is a first line of defense against malicious internet content. This feature allows you to blacklist (block) connections based on the latest IP address, URL, and domain name reputation intelligence. To ensure continual access to vital resources, you can override blacklists with custom whitelists.

##### **HTTP responses**
When the system blocks a user’s website request, you can either display a generic system-provided response page, or a custom page. You can also display a page that warns users, but also allows them to continue to the originally requested site.

##### **Advanced access control options**
Advanced access control policy settings typically require little or no modification. Often, the default settings are appropriate. 
